Adding mac app and updating readme (#49)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-examples: README.md

# ElevenLabs Examples

This collection of demos and projects showcases the ElevenLabs API and how you can start building next generation AI audio apps with it. Whether you're looking to integrate text-to-speech into your website, create dubbed content, or explore advanced audio applications, you'll find valuable resources here.

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### Text-to-Speech (TTS) Demos
- **Standard TTS Demo**: A straightforward implementation of our core TTS functionality.
- **TTS WebSocket Demo with Latency Measurement**: Explore real-time text-to-speech with performance metrics.

### Native Mac App (Open Source)

> A fully open-source native Mac application that brings ElevenLabs to your desktop. Explore the code, contribute, or use it as a foundation for your own applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fully open-source native Mac application that brings ElevenLabs to your desktop. Written by Claude 3.5 and Cursor.
```
